intro changes for smooth migration zeebe user tasks next (#4723)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/migration-manuals/migrate-to-camunda-user-tasks.md

import userTaskMigrationDecisionHelperForm from "../tasklist-api-rest/assets/forms/userTaskMigrationDecisionHelperForm.js";
import "../tasklist-api-rest/assets/css/condensedTable.module.css";
import styles from "../tasklist-api-rest/assets/css/cleanImages.module.css";
import CamundaUserTaskSelectionImg from '../tasklist-api-rest/assets/img/camunda-user-task-selection.png';

Camunda 8.5 introduced a new [user task](/components/modeler/bpmn/user-tasks/user-tasks.md) implementation type: Camunda user task.

> Camunda user tasks have several benefits, compared to Job worked-based user tasks. It includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda user tasks have several benefits compared to Job worked-based user tasks, including:
```

## Decide on your migration path

Camunda user tasks require migration of the user tasks in both your diagrams and the task API.

With this in mind, you can migrate at your own pace. If you should migrate now or later, and what is required to migrate depends on your current setup and future plans.

### Task type differences

> Learn the differences between both task types and make an informed decision, and understand the new capabilities of Camunda user tasks. Refer to this table for important high-level differences of the two task types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make an informed decision, you should understand the differences between both task types and the new capabilities of Camunda user tasks. Refer to this table for important high-level differences between the two task types:
```

Author: Love this!

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th style={{ textAlign: "end" }}>Update task</th>

>         <td style={{color: "gray"}}>Not supported</td>

Reviewer: Non-blocking: One for the tech-writing team - do we say "unsupported" or "not supported"?

Author: I think not supported is fine in these instances.

Reviewer: Unsupported is marginally smaller, so can be better in a table of supported/unsupported items, but it is quite a niche case - we can discuss in a tech sync 👍
